Tarsnap Manager is a Python script to manage backups of data using Tarsnap, and is intended to be run as a daily cron job. The directories to backup and the number of daily, weekly, and monthly backups to keep are configured by the command line. If `num_days` daily backups already exist when a new one is created, the oldest daily backup is removed. Weekly backups happen on every weekday specified by `weekday`. If `num_weeks` weekly backups already exist when a new one is created, the oldest weekly backup is removed. Likewise, monthly backups happen on the first weekday of the month specified by `weekday`. If `num_months` monthly backups already exist when a new one is created, the oldest monthly backup is removed. 

## Command Line Flags

* `key_file`: The path to the file containing encryption, authentication, and access keys, generated by `tarsnap-keygen`. This is passed to `tarsnap` as `--keyfile`.
* `cache_dir`: The directory that caches information about the stored archives. This is passed to `tarsnap` as `--cachedir`.
* `dry_run`: If `true`, then no archives are created or deleted. Instead, the `tarsnap` commands that would have been are simply printed.
* `skip_delete`: Skips deleting the oldest daily, weekly, or monthy archive. Use if the specified key file was created by `tarsnap-keymgmt` to not allow deletion.
* `archive_name`: The prefix for each archive name.
* `weekday`: The day on which to perform weekly and monthly backups, where Monday is `1` and Sunday is `7`.
* `num_days`: The number of consecutive daily backups to store. The oldest daily backup is deleted if necessary, unless `skip_delete` is specified.
* `num_weeks`: The number of consecutive weekly backups to store. The oldest weekly backup is deleted if necessary, unless `skip_delete` is specified.
* `num_months`: The number of consecutive monthly backups to store. Unless `skip_delete` is specified, older monthly backups are deleted as new ones are created.

